{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Thin;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red8\green69\blue139;\red207\green0\blue5;\red22\green171\blue43;
\red185\green111\blue9;\red189\green196\blue8;\red0\green0\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c113\c34974\c61335;\cssrgb\c85542\c4001\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c71186\c22010;
\cssrgb\c78060\c51048\c1503;\cssrgb\c78556\c79813\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c13085\c76698;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Fuel Locator
\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Copyright \'a9 2019 by Owen Godfrey\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Data is provided by the FuelWatch website (http://fuelwatch.wa.gov.au) which is copyright \'a9 2011 by the Western Australian Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety. This data is publicly accessible, and this app depends upon this site for its data. The author offers no warranty about the future or correctness of this website or the data it offers.\
\
Fuel stations and brands publish their names and brands freely to the website and these are used for informational purposes only. The names and symbols of the fuel brands are trademarked by the owners and are only used under terms of fair dealing (Copyright Act 1968) for the purpose of reporting prices.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Thanks for using Fuel Locator!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 This app intuitively displays petrol prices around Western Australia. It displays a variety of fuel types and brands for country and metropolitan regions using a map and graph interface\
On the map, stations with a 
\f1\b \cf3 pale red
\f0\b0 \cf2  colour have the 10% worst prices and stations with a 
\f1\b \cf4 strong green
\f0\b0 \cf2  colour have the 10% best prices. Between those two extremes are eight other price bands representing 10% bands each, varying slowly through 
\f1\b \cf5 orange
\f0\b0 \cf2  and 
\f1\b \cf6 yellow
\f0\b0 \cf2 . 
\f1\b \cf6 Yellow 
\f0\b0 \cf2 prices represent the median price at the 50% of ranked prices.\
Fuel prices are presented for particular day and fuel product. To select a different day or fuel type, tap on the label at the top of the map. You will also be given the opportunity to change map display and to select what brands to apply fuel price discounts to. (Discounts are approximated for each brand, and are generally assumed to be 4c per litre, although this may change in the future.)\
The history view allows you to view fuel price changes over the previous several years so that you can gain a balanced side of how much you should reasonably be paying for fuel now.The statistics will vary depending on the region that you are currently viewing on the map, such as the Pilbra, Wheatbelt, Peel and Metropolitan Areas. A 
\f1\b \cf7 violet
\f0\b0 \cf2  line also indicates the 14-day average of those fuel prices.\
If you have any comments or suggestions, drop us a line through reviews on the app store, or by direct email through the address you will find in the app store.\
Once again, thanks for using Fuel Locator!\
Owen Godfrey}